docs: add guidance on dependency version range (#586)
ansys/pyansys-dev-guide: doc/source/how-to/packaging.rst

- `PyAnsys Geometry targets <https://github.com/ansys/pyansys-geometry/blob/e6d8210f9d79718d607a2f4b2e8ead33babcbfca/pyproject.toml#L44-L58>`_
- `PyACP targets <https://github.com/ansys/pyacp/blob/f4d8c1779cd451b1fc8ef649cc3b2cd5799ff11a/pyproject.toml#L89-L110>`_

Dependency version range
------------------------

> When specifying dependencies in a project, it is generally recommended to avoid

Reviewer: Should we add a disclaimer at the top here that this applies only for PyAnsys library projects?

Something like

```
.. note::

    This guidance applies only to PyAnsys _library_ projects. For projects which deliver 
    an _application_ or dedicated workflow, we recommend fully pinning all (direct and 
    transitive) dependencies.

```

Author: I was going to mention the note that appears further down haha. I think it's a great idea to add this disclaimer early on and to add the distinction between library and application/dedicated workflow as you did. It will surely help with understanding.

Reviewer: Yeah, things often get misinterpreted in such discussions when the scope is not clearly defined.

Reviewer 2: Agreed on adding the disclaimer up here

Author: Changes performed :)

setting upper version limits unless it is absolutely necessary. The reason for
that is because arbitrarily restricting a dependency to be lower than a
certain version (for example `numpy<2.0`) can prevent your project from working
with newer and perfectly compatible versions, and often causes more problems
than it solves. Such restrictions limit forward compatibility, block users from
upgrading dependencies, and increase the risk of version conflicts.

This issue is even more critical in the context of the PyAnsys `metapackage`_
which install many PyAnsys projects. In this setup, having strict upper bounds
on versions can easily result in unsatisfiable dependency constraints across

> the ecosystem. One package may require `numpy<2.0` for no absolute reason while

Author: Changes performed, thanks for rephrasing

another depends on a new feature in `numpy>=2.0.0`, making it impossible to

> install both at once, even if they're actually compatible. This leads to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
install both at once, even if they are actually compatible. This leads to
```

I would avoid using contractions in the dev guide.

frustration for users and maintainers, and prevents packages from being used
together smoothly.

It is better to define only a minimum version (`>=`) and rely on Continuous
Integration (CI) to detect real breakages as dependencies evolve. If a future
version does introduce a breaking change, you can then add an upper bound with

> a clear explanation. For example,
> `numpy<2.0 # breaking changes in Python and C APIs`.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a clear explanation. For example:

.. code-block:: toml

    [project]
        dependencies = [
            "numpy<2.0", # breaking changes in Python and C APIs`.
        ]
```

.. note::

   Examples of valid reasons to set an upper bound are when the dependency
   explicitly introduces breaking changes in major releases and you want to
   be protected against those temporarily or when strict reproducibility is
   required, for example, in a frozen environment or a dedicated scientific
   workflow.

> Setting a lower bound (`>=`) is considered good practice for multiple reasons.

Reviewer: Do we want to mention somehow that this should also be tested in CI? Or is that out of scope for this PR?

Reviewer: > Note applying this on many project won't be possible unless it's done nightly.

I think nightly would be perfectly fine for this scenario.

Reviewer: And ok for me to add it in the follow-up PR 👍

Author: To be discussed in another PR.

First, it documents the oldest version of a dependency that your project

> explicitly supports. Not only because it is the oldest version you have tested

Reviewer 3: It is not common for us to test against the oldest version specified here, instead the test version normally floats somewhere towards the latest.

If this is desired then we probably want to investigate whether we can get pip to prefer the oldest versions of dependencies rather than the newest. We'd then need to run tests against the installed package via pip not against source using poetry/flit to manage the env.

Author: To be discussed on another PR
